Update sections and add new procedures (#1960)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_using-the-host-details-tab.adoc

[id="using-the-host-details-tab_{context}"]
= Using the Host Details Tab

In {Project}, you can view details of a host name in the *Details* tab.
You can expand and collapse individual cards and all links.
Your browser remembers the card expansion and collapse state.

.Procedure

> . In the {Project} web UI, navigate to *Hosts* > *All Hosts*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts* > *All Hosts*.
```

. Click the name of the host you want to view.
. Select the *Details* tab.

The cards in the *Details* tab show details for the *System properties*, *BIOS*, *Networking interfaces*, *Operating system*, *Provisioning templates*, and *Provisioning*.

> Registered content hosts show additional cards for *Registration details* and *Installed products*.

Reviewer 2: There is also "HW properties" card (providing information about Model, Number of CPU(s), Sockets, Cores per socket and RAM) shown for a registered content host.

> Registered content hosts show additional cards for *Registration details* and *Installed products*.

Reviewer: Is this is Katello/Satellite/orcharhino only?

Author: @vsedmik can you confirm if this is Katello/Satellite/Orcharino only?

Reviewer 2: Not sure about Orcharino, but it is Katello/Satellite.

Author: @parthaa Do you know if this would also apply to Orcharino or is it just Katello/Satellite?

Author: Confirmed with Partha to change it to Katello/Satellite for this section.

There are interactive features for the following *Details* cards:

.Networking interfaces
. Click to collapse and expand each network interface.
. Click the link to edit all network interfaces.

.System properties
. Click to copy values to clipboard including *Name*, *Subscription UUID*, and *Domain*.
. For hosts with virtual guests, click the chip to see the list of guests.
. For hosts that are virtual guests, click the *Virtual host* link to view its host.

.Provisioning templates
. Click to view a template in a pop-up modal without leaving the page.
. Click the pencil icon to edit a template.
. Click the pop-out button in modal to view the template in a new tab.

> . Click the link in modal to edit the template.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Click the link in modal to edit the template.
. Click the _Copy to clipboard_ button in modal to get the template into clipboard.
```
